On the virtual Windows 10 system assigned to you,
you can create local user accounts by following these steps.
It starts by using the control panel.
Again, in the start bar,
pull up the control panel by typing it,
and you can go into the control panel app.
From the control panel app,
you see numerous options for
security and administration settings on the Windows 10 system.
For this exercise, we are looking at user accounts.
So select that one.
From user accounts, you click in "User Accounts" again,
and then "Manage Another Account".
To add a new user,
you click on the "Add New User in PC Settings" link.
A pop-up window will then appear,
which allows you the opportunity to see
the current users and then add someone else to this PC.
Another way of getting into the screen,
for those who are more technically adept,
this is what's known as the local user manager pop-up.
So you can actually go to this directly from the start bar as well.
But from here you click on "Users",
and when you right-click in the area,
in the middle click on "New User".
Here I can type a new users name.
So test user, whatever full name you want.
If you want a description,
include a password, always a good idea.
Of course, I'm not using the word password123 for their password,
and then you re-enter it.
It's recommended you keep the default setting of user must
change password at next login, click "Create".
Once you create the new user,
you will see it applied here.
On this computer, you want to make sure all of the accounts are valid,
and that they are not administrators.
So how do you know if a particular account is an administrator or not?
Well, you can find that out by clicking on them and going into properties and member of.
If you see the group administrators,
then this person would be a member of
an administrator group which has full power on this PC.
So Jill, in this case is not an administrator.
From the local users and groups panel,
you can add users, remove users,
disable them, and change their groups.
It's another powerful Windows setting that you can
use as you're securing operating systems.